The next part of it is we'll look at and
dive into the specific parameters
that actions and mutations take.
Because as we're looking at modularize
ViewX, I think it's useful to
also think about how we can make our code
a bit clearer and understandable to read.
So for actions previously we took in
a single parameter which is context and
we took in mutations a single
parameter which is state.
And this was fine for mostly because
in our action we only committed,
we only did context.commit.
But I think it's useful for
you to know that there are multiple
pieces available within context.
So commit is one method, but you can
also call state, you can grab getters,
you can grab dispatch,
which we'll talk about a little later.
And these are all useful ways
of checking state, for instance,
that's what context.state is.
Committing is committing mutations,
getters is checking specific getter, so
you don't have to reuse code
that already exists then.
And dispatching is something that will
come in really handy later when we talk
about composing ViewX actions,
but it's a way for
an action to talk to another action,
a sibling action, so to speak.
And so all of these are methods
available on the contexts parameter.
And so what we can do is we can
essentially sort of destructure them,
you don't have to do context.commit,
context dot whatever.
You can destructure them and
then call them specifically.
So looking back at my fetch from inventory
code, I'm just removing the payload for
now just because for clarity sake, online
13 instead of calling the entire and
grabbing the entire context object, I'm
grabbing the commit method specifically.
So it grabs commit, and
then it uses that commit.
So it's useful because object
destructuring gives me a sense of what
exactly I'm doing in action.
So instead of having to parse the specific
action to be like, am I calling state,
am I calling getters, am I calling commits
and so on, I can look automatically in
the function signature to be like
what exactly is being called here, or
what exactly is being used.
So I know automatically that this action
is just committing a mutation because it
uses object destructuring to grab
the commit and then uses it appropriately.
So what could be useful is we have
an example and we talked about this a lot,
which is that there's a way
of restocking a machine.
So you have sort of central command which
has stock of everything possible, so
all items and inventory and then central
command will then restock the vending
machine so to speak,
which allows it to increment and so on.
And so what I want to do is very
similar to the ping inventory code
that I showed you.
On line 14, I'm calling an API.
There's not any, it's the pseudo code,
but I'm calling some API and
then I'm grabbing that result.
And then I'm passing that
result down to my mutation.
So again, very similar to how I showed
you that mutation takes in a payload.
In this particular case, I'm calling
the API grabbing the result and
then passing it down to my
mutation itself as a payload.
I just want to emphasize that concept
because it's useful as you're working with
API's and so on, you're gonna need to
understand that payload piece and how
exactly a mutation can grab the payload
and then update the state appropriately.